String Manipulation, Arrays and Control Statements

This Java program, named "String Manipulation, Arrays and Control Statements" allows you to analyze and process student data to calculate statistics such as the total number of students, average marks, and the highest and lowest scoring students. This README provides instructions on how to compile and run the program and explains the design and implementation choices made.

Instructions:
1.Select Student Data Set: To analyze student data, you can choose one of the three available datasets. To select a dataset, uncomment the corresponding set by removing the slashes (//) from the beginning of the desired String studentData.
2.Run the Program: Compile and run the program following the instructions in the next section.
3.View Results: The program will display the following results:
	•Total number of students.
	•Average marks of all students.
	•Student with the highest score and their marks.
	•Student with the lowest score and their marks.

Design and Implementation:
The program is designed as a basic student performance analyzer with the following implementation choices:
	•It allows you to choose between three predefined student data sets by uncommenting the desired set.
	•It splits the student data into records and uses arrays to store student names and scores, making it easier to process and calculate statistics.
	•The program calculates the total number of students, the average marks, and identifies the students with the highest and lowest scores. It maintains variables for these statistics and iterates through the data to find the top and bottom performers.
How to Compile and Run
To compile and run the Student Performance Analyzer program, follow these steps:
1.Ensure you have Java installed on your system.
2.Save the Java code in a file with a ".java" extension, for example, "StudentPerformanceAnalyzer.java."
3.Open a command prompt or terminal and navigate to the directory where you saved the "StudentPerformanceAnalyzer.java" file.
4.Compile the Java program using the javac command:
	javac Strings.java 
5.Run the compiled program using the java command:
	java Strings 
6.Follow the on-screen instructions and view the results of the student data analysis for the selected dataset.